tomorrow and there guys, beauty that talks about
the movie got 6 is another video
we're here to score and we had
base no one game for me teaching
How do you draw a picture I took there?
on the online games channel I already asked for it
to leave in the description then make videos
From your then now I'm showing
You that this position is not mine do not have
How to get into the garage usually pick up
a luxury car I'll teach you how
to put luxury cars to enter the
jet is so first you will arrange and
with the two wheels on the left side the
driver's side over the curb and
the other two down the sidewalk
the way I had shown there two
rounds out does not come out of your
apartment like this 2016
He has a friend of mine who would not be
It's necessary there it's only in my
program 1000 and now the coach finds
You're going to have to have a house on the accused.
so I tried to buy a stamp for him
the very safe focus of your
courage will enter your face and
Go ask a friend of your father first.
You have to pick up and put in charge to
restoration in the garage and after
ask a friend to call you for a
race in a session other than your
class ask to enter selection
random than your call and creates
a race there and call this
and after that he called
pick up will open on your cell phone
the business is running and will tighten the
rtp1 x plus r 2 is the cetao button
federal system will the bourgeoisie will
give another garage table value
climbing up after it goes up to manage
all walks in the line of the room
So friend, and we'll get you.
expect cr camera all washed down with
down there where you have maps
to select these things you have to leave
that from both squeezing b
The ball on your console appeared and I
I'll be fine now and just to confirm.
and there will be a normal delay nothing
his internet his own floor and he spoke
this is really because of a
vest and it takes a little bit but nothing
that goes from one minute
so I know wait a little bit quickly
just off your grill and the headlights being born there
inside your garage, your arm and you
will get you to turn back it will wide
running to get your car
Let's wait and load it there.
loaded now because the black screen on the
your pursuit of sustainability is normal
this bug so europe goes through leaving
running from your garage will embrace the
luxury car and it 's next year if it goes
get in your luxury car and cut and
triangle will enter inside it and
soon we will only hope it will be staged that already
the car of a buggy and it comes out of it
of the garage so it was not cut in the video
no teleports is any way you can
come back both in the garage if you want
can not I am of the saints expelled before the
He customizes you there to do what you
Wish it was already yours
It's like you bought it.
I got there at the na in the mobile store
it is your normally clear if insurance
will not have an original price and will not
to have in price was rule but it is yours
and your garage
joão v you run and the luxury car
inside your garage and worth a lot
sorry and make this bug barra d'or itiúba
all because I do not know that before then
I hope you have enjoyed your stay.
first video of up to 5 in the channel that is and
for those who do not have money and do not have
conditions to buy a luxury car
good and the hell kind in the mouth is expensive gta
and he can put you in the garage without
have to spend money these things
So people, this is where I could now.
To you there give a young man there that I could
In the video you're a young man there for us.
same as deep in the video I hope
did you like and subscribe to the
Life's favorite channel and that's it
and I think it's more that I stay
I was even more